with this princess
today's issue will tell you
great news about the game live
before dawn must put likes
if you want to see more videos on this
the game
let's start today abroad
release took place
the long awaited horror to live till dawn
the game came out in English at that
time as the full russian version of this
horror
will be released tomorrow August 26 and tomorrow
taken away on my channel you will see
the passage of this wonderful game
Today the network were published Peru
reviews and ratings of this exclusive
horror
by which you can understand that the game
It turned out just an excellent assessment
varies from 9 to 7 points out of 10
mostly 9 and 8
and tell you friends it's pretty
high marks
which means that the game was aegis
very interesting even if you compare
game rating
even before the dawn of the game fnaf how do you see
the game live until dawn by rating
advances have no 1 point personally, I'm sure
that in this game we expect very much
cool mysterious plot set
various puzzles and a huge amount
Sudden and very scary screamers
which will bring us a lot of adrenaline a
believe it I love friends in general
the passage of horror even before dawn
will start tomorrow afternoon and this
the passage will be really cool and
interesting guys
comics of course I will continue
do as well as theory on fnaf
sure and plan various games
I hope to write you a release for you
liked be sure to like
talk about this video with all your
friends and acquaintances
buy my group in contact ssylochka
come mvideo
subscribe to
channel and wait for my next videos wish
success to new meetings